Refrigerators are equipped with a digital 4x20 character LCD display microprocessor temperature controller, with audible and visual Hi/Lo temperature alarm. The temperature control range is adjustable from 2 to 10°C (36 to 50°F). Units are factory preset at 4°C (39°F). Safety features include, remote alarm contacts, continuous product temperature display, three sensor system (2 product,1 air), power supply switch, door ajar alarm, and 2–10 volt DC output for product temperature (selectable to air temperature). Password protection enables set-points and factory settings, with 100-event alarm logging. Integrated Hi/Lo product temperature alarm test, digital calibration for air and product, real time clock with date and time display, and a door opening counter with 24 hour automatic reset are also included. Adjustable alarm allows for beep or constant on (key pad selectable). Alarm volume is adjustable as well. Integraged monitor systems include, fan motor run-time monitor, defrost time monitor, and condenser/compressor run-time monitor. The exterior cabinet front, sides, and back are painted white. Exterior cabinet top and bottom are galvanized steel. Interior cabinet liner and door panel are painted white. Cabinet and solid doors are foamed-in-place with CFC-free, high-density polyurethane foam insulation. These heavy-duty doors feature pivot hinges, pull-door handles, magnetic door gaskets, and centered key door lock(s) (2 keys included). Additional standard features include, four casters (2 locking) on two- and four-door models, six casters (3 locking) on six-door models, three coated wire shelves per door section, interior light (switch activated), air cooled condensing unit, and top-mounted forced air refrigeration system. Automatic defrost and condensate evaporation. A 2.5cm (1") diameter sensor access port is also included. Glass door(s) on applicable models are full size and double pane. The glass door(s) are standard on all WWF suffix models and WWG suffix models (controller side). Solid door(s) on applicable models are full size. Solid door(s) are standard on WWW suffix models and WWG suffix models (noncontroller side). All 115V units are supplied with a 5-15P NEMA plug and 5-15R NEMA receptacle. The 208/230V units are supplied with a 6-15P NEMA plug and 6-15R NEMA receptacle. The 230V units feature a Power Inlet Module (IEC60320) and require a locally supplied cord. Ordering Information: Refrigerators are supplied with 24-month parts and labor warranty, 5-year compressor warranty (US and Canada), and 18-month parts warranty (International). UL and C-UL listed. Refrigerators are equipped with a digital 4x20 character LCD display microprocessor temperature controller, with audible and visual Hi/Lo temperature alarm. The temperature control range is adjustable from 2 to 10°C (36 to 50°F). Units are factory preset at 4°C (39°F). Safety features include, remote alarm contacts, continuous product temperature display, three sensor system (2 product,1 air), power supply switch, door ajar alarm, and 2–10 volt DC output for product temperature (selectable to air temperature). Password protection enables set-points and factory settings, with 100-event alarm logging. Integrated Hi/Lo product temperature alarm test, digital calibration for air and product, real time clock with date and time display, and a door opening counter with 24 hour automatic reset are also included. Adjustable alarm allows for beep or constant on (key pad selectable). Alarm volume is adjustable as well. Integraged monitor systems include, fan motor run-time monitor, defrost time monitor, and condenser/compressor run-time monitor. The exterior cabinet front, sides, and back are painted white. Exterior cabinet top and bottom are galvanized steel. Interior cabinet liner and door panel are painted white. Cabinet and solid doors are foamed-in-place with CFC-free, high-density polyurethane foam insulation. These heavy-duty doors feature pivot hinges, pull-door handles, magnetic door gaskets, and centered key door lock(s) (2 keys included). Additional standard features include, four casters (2 locking) on two- and four-door models, six casters (3 locking) on six-door models, three coated wire shelves per door section, interior light (switch activated), air cooled condensing unit, and top-mounted forced air refrigeration system. Automatic defrost and condensate evaporation. A 2.5cm (1") diameter sensor access port is also included. Glass door(s) on applicable models are full size and double pane. The glass door(s) are standard on all WWF suffix models and WWG suffix models (controller side). Solid door(s) on applicable models are full size. Solid door(s) are standard on WWW suffix models and WWG suffix models (noncontroller side). All 115V units are supplied with a 5-15P NEMA plug and 5-15R NEMA receptacle. The 208/230V units are supplied with a 6-15P NEMA plug and 6-15R NEMA receptacle. The 230V units feature a Power Inlet Module (IEC60320) and require a locally supplied cord.